Alright, in this video we are gonna
take a look at Spring Integration Test.
So far we've been looking at pure unit
tests which run very fast. In this
example we are going to bring up the
Spring Context. Actually we'll bring up
the context and the embedded database for
our application and we are going to
create an integration test. And what I
wanna do is we created that dynamic
finder defined by description in Spring
Data and let's test that and make sure that
it's working correctly. So I have the
class up there and what I wanna do is
come over here and I'm gonna do an
alt+enter and we will say Create Test.
And by convention, we want to name a IT
for integration test and we'll go ahead
and let in a setUp and we wanna test
this findByDescription(). So well let
IntelliJ create that for us. Say OK and yes we wanna add that to
Git. Now what we need to do here is we
want to annotate the class with @RunWith
and we are gonna use the SpringRunner. You can say dot class there and
we could do the @SpringBootTest but
we're gonna use the slice and we'll
do the @DataJpaTest and that will bring
up an embedded database and it's also
gonna configure Spring Data JPA for
us. And so now can come in. We're gonna
take the UnitOfMeasureRepository
and we're gonna tell Spring to autowire
it. So now Spring is gonna do
dependency injection on our integration
test here. So the Spring Context will
start up and we will get an instance of
the UnitOfMeasureRepository, inject it
into this. Now remember that it returns an
Optional of UnitOfMeasure.
And let's take a look at the data.sql.
Let's get a teaspoon, make sure that we're getting
a teaspoon loaded. So I'm going to copy that
value over and we'll say by that
and we want to assertEquals. I'll say teaspoon,
and we'll say get and now we want to get
the description. So pretty simple test
here. We're gonna ask the repository
to look up by teaspoon and we're gonna
take the optional. We had kind of run
the get and we can see that IntelliJ is
running this and if I was writing
this in a class, I'd definitely put more
safety around manipulating an optional. But here if I don't get the value the
test is gonna fail either way. So
let's go ahead and run this now. And now
you can see we get a lot of chatter in
the window there because the Spring
Context is coming up. And you can see
that we do have a passing test. And we
can see right here we have a Hibernate
select statement where we did run
against the database. So if I were to
change this, I'm gonna say teaspoons
and we'll run it again and you can see
again the whole Spring context is
coming up and now our test is failing. But I do wanna show you one additional
feature here. Let's just go ahead and
copy this, and let's change that to Cup
and I wanna make sure we just had a
singular Cup with the capital C. So now come
over here. So now, the first one is gonna test for Teaspoon, Teaspoon then Cup
and Cup. So we're just gonna test to
make sure Cup is there and what I wnna
do is I'm gonna come up here to
the top now and say run all the tests
within this class. And now the Spring
Context is gonna come up once and you
can see over here in the bottom
left-hand side,
the findByDescription() took 315
milliseconds to start up while
find by Cup only took seven milliseconds. And
that's because the Spring Context was
still available and we didn't have to
reload it for that second test method.
Now I do wanna point out, let's say
that I had some type of bad operation
here, and I was doing something that
changed the data and I don't want to
contaminate my other test. So now I'm
gonna mark that as @DirtiesContext and
let's go ahead and run out again here.
I'm gonna show you what happens
because now we've got the Spring Context
starting up once, and now see it's
starting up a second time. So
actually the context is up but it did a
reload there and because of that @DirtiesContext and you can see it took a little
bit longer but still pretty quick. And I'm gonna get rid of that because
we really don't need that and I'm gonna check it in just like this for you.